what up Guyo Texas City coming to you
with another unboxing video we've got
the Kobe 10 elite for you guys this is
actually the elevate colorway
so what they did for the Kobe 10 elite
is that they brought back the Flyknit
upper onto the shape the regular version
of the Kobe 10 features like a heavy
hyper fuel on the other part of the shoe
this sup they brought back to flying it
and also they brought back the high cut
on the elite version of the 10 so it's
very similar to the Kobe nines but this
one actually features like a thinner
version of the Flyknit and if you hold
the shoe up close you can see my
actually my fingers through this vent
right over here a flight it but it's
definitely stiffer in areas that need to
be and also you got that amazing kobe
midsole to go with the shoe as well so
start by reviewing the outsole of the
shoe you got the Kobe 10 outsole right
there with the amazing herringbone
traction pattern along with the saiping
on that Lunarlon midsole right under
there to give you that natural motion
and you got a large volume airbag on the
back right there zoom airbag to be
precise you also have if you see in the
front right over here you got a carbon
fiber plates alright and also the
natural motion saiping on the forefoot
of the shoe and like I mentioned earlier
you got the entire Flyknit upper this
time on the shoe and like I mentioned as
well in the beginning that there's areas
on the shoe that are really thin so
compared to the fly net on the 9 per se
you know this one's a lot thinner and
that also allows more breathability you
got a nice black 3m swoosh on the side
right there along with the dynamic fly
wire on the eyelids of the shoes shoes
come with your gray laces as you can see
and you have like a little hint of 3m in
those shoes
and you got the Kobe logo at the top
right there and if you check out the
back of the shoes you still got the same
elements on the Kobe low on the elite
highs as well with the four stitching's
right there and read more information on
how to purchase these shoes you could
contact us at five one four eight four
six eight eight eight seven you can also
contact us in the Western area at five
and four six two six four four three
four and the Brassard location at four
five zero four four three eighty eight
eighty seven and finally at a new
location in live at four five six eight
one eight 777 don't forget to check out
our web site triple the Vita exclusive
live.com